[Docs] procedure for extracting a self signed cert (#4514)
EnMasseProject/enmasse: documentation/assemblies/assembly-connecting-applications.adoc

The messaging protocols supported depends on the type of address space used. For more information about address space types, see  link:{BookUrlBase}{BaseProductVersion}{BookNameUrl}#con-address-space-messaging[Address space].

[id='client-getcer-{context}']

> == Retrieving the Self Signed CA Certificate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Retrieving the self-signed CA certificate
```

> If you opted for the `selfsigned` certificate provider type in your addressspace endpoint configuration, the generated CA

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you opted for the `selfsigned` certificate provider type in your `AddressSpace` endpoint configuration, the generated CA
```

> that signed the adddressspace server certificate is required to when connecting messaging client application. The

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that signed the `AddressSpace` server certificate is required when connecting to the messaging client application. The
```

Reviewer: Is the "+" symbol required in front of line 26?

Author: I don't see a `+`, are you referring to https://www.gnu.org/software/diffutils/manual/diffutils.html#Detailed-Unified

> certificate can be retrieved from the addressspace using the following procedure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
certificate can be retrieved from the `AddressSpace' using the following procedure.
```

> WARNING: The use of selfsigned certificates is not recommended for use in production environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WARNING: Using a self-signed certificate in production environments is not recommended.
```

.Procedure

ifeval::["{cmdcli}" == "oc"]
. Log in as a messaging tenant:
+
[subs="attributes",options="nowrap"]
----
{cmdcli} login -u developer
----
endif::[]

> . Retrieve the CA certificate from the addressspace required

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Retrieve the CA certificate from the `AddressSpace'.
```

> +

Reviewer: Are these "++" required here?

Author: The first plus belongs to https://www.gnu.org/software/diffutils/manual/diffutils.html#Detailed-Unified, the second is an [Ascii doc list continuation](https://asciidoctor.org/docs/asciidoc-syntax-quick-reference/#lists).

Reviewer: Looks good. Thanks for the information.

This will give you a file containing the CA certificate, in PEM format.
+
[subs="+quotes,attributes",options="nowrap"]
----

> {cmdcli} get addressspace _addressspace_ -n _namespace_ -o jsonpath='{.status.caCert}{"\n"}' | base64 --decode > ca.crt

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{cmdcli} get addressspace _address-space_ -n _namespace_ -o jsonpath='{.status.caCert}{"\n"}' | base64 --decode > ca.crt
```

Author: A quick search shows me we don't use `_address_space_`.  We do use `_myspace_` and have also used  `_address-space-name_`.   I think _myspace_ is clear.

Author: Which do you prefer?

Reviewer: I think _myspace_ seems to be used more frequently, so I agree with you to use _myspace_.

----

> . If a PKCS12 or JKS format trust store is required, one can be generated like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. If a PKCS12 or JKS format trust store is required, use the following commands to generate one:
```
